>> An autoimmune disease is
defined as our immune system
attacking various
tissues of the body.
Mainstream medicine claims
there is no known cause.
I was diagnosed at 14
with rheumatoid arthritis.
This manifested as swelling
and pain in nearly every joint.
I never quite bought the
theory that my immune system
had malfunctioned and
turned against me.
I wanted to trust it
knew what it was doing.
But it felt like my
body was on fire.
Our medical system offers
no answers and no hope,
so you either accept that
this is your new reality
or you choose to find a way out.
I grew up immersed in
the beauty of Lake Tahoe
and had the
incredible opportunity
to spend every moment
possible outside
among the natural playground.
Being active was my identity.
I lived for exploration,
competition,
and all the creative
ways to challenge myself.
But just as I started eighth
grade, things changed.
It first started with some
unusual aches and pains,
but as an active kid,
I thought little of it.
But one morning
at the age of 14,
I woke with swelling
in nearly all my joints
and could barely stand.
Suddenly everything in front
of me was a daunting challenge.
The person I knew myself
to be vanished as pain
invaded my body.
After making the rounds
to several doctors,
I was diagnosed with
rheumatoid arthritis
and told I would likely
end up in a wheelchair.
They put me on heavy
doses of steroids
as well as a medication
derived from gold.
Yes, actual gold.
This required weekly blood
tests to monitor my organs
for toxicity.
Trapped in a body of limitation,
illness became my identity.
It took nearly two years of
suppressing my immune system
with these chemicals before I
had significant improvement.
In an autoimmune process,
the body's defenses
create inflammation
on various tissues.
In Crohn's disease,
it's inflammation
of the digestive
system, in fibromyalgia
it's in the muscles.
In rheumatoid arthritis,
swelling and pain
fill the joints.
Eventually the gold
stopped working
and I was put on methotrexate, a
powerful immunosuppressant also
used as a chemotherapy drug.
It reduced my
inflammation enough
to achieve partial remission.
So after film school,
I headed to Hollywood.
But it wasn't long
before the side effects
compelled me to finally
seek another path.
I dove into research,
determined that there
had to be an underlying cause
to this so-called overactive
immune system.
One approach that had
extensive research
was the theory of infection as
a cause of autoimmune disease.
A Dr. Thomas Brown
was the pioneer
of low dose antibiotic therapy.
Several books had
documented his approach.
>> This treatment was
announced in 1949.
Dr. Brown cured thousands
of patients, thousands,
wrote many, many
scientific articles.
There have been huge
double blind placebo
controlled studies with hundreds
and hundreds of patients.
We're trying to bring attention
to the tetracycline protocol
because it goes to the
root of the problem
and doesn't just
address the symptoms.
>> One of the most renowned
physicians to follow up on Dr.
Brown's work is Dr. Franco.
>> And we did our studies
in rheumatoid arthritis,
we did our studies
in fibromyalgia,
we did our studies in
chronic fatigue syndrome,
and also Gulf War illness.
We saw that more than
half of the patients
had mycoplasma infection
as opposed to less than 5%
of the controls.
And if you give a
treatment and you
don't follow the patient
and the patient discontinues
in six to 12 months,
it won't be effective.
This is long term treatment.
And so you have to
make sure that you
do the right thing,
which is to use
the appropriate
antibiotic or antibiotics,
the appropriate route, which
could be oral or intravenous
or a combination of both, and
the nutritional supplements
that are helpful to
help the immune system
and to produce an
anti-inflammatory effect.
>> Most RE sufferers have what
I call in the book souvenirs
of childhood illness.
And that is if you've had
a history of strep throat,
bronchitis, pneumonia, they
manifest in later life.
They stay hidden in the joints
until your immune system is
dysfunctional for
whatever reason,
and then they come out to play.
>> If infection was the cause,
suppressing my immune system
wasn't the answer.
I brought my research
into my rheumatologist.
But he was not interested.
He wrote me another prescription
and sent me on my way.
Fueled by frustration,
I passed the pharmacy
and a line of pill
seekers hoping
to ignore the truth of
disease a bit longer.
I made my way toward the unknown
determined never to return.
>> I sought out a naturopathic
doctor who said all
the medications had put some
serious mileage on my body.
It was time for a change.
>> Without a doubt, this is
my worst knee right here.
You can also notice
my hands, I just
get a random swelling
of certain joints.
My elbow is another problem.
As you see, my left elbow
will extend all the way
whereas my right elbow
just limited to here.
>> We began the antibiotic
therapy as well as homeopathic
and ozone injections
into the joints.
>> First what we're going to do
is more of an anti-inflammatory
shot with the
little B12 procaine,
which is an anesthetic and
a homeopathic medication
for anti-inflammatory
properties.
>> We also did ultraviolet
blood irradiation,
which can help kill pathogens in
the body and stimulate certain
aspects of the immune system.
>> It's been a while since
we did your hormones,
your hormone testing.
Maybe this would be
a good time to retest
some your testosterone
levels and thyroid.
>> She's missed my
vein a few times.
Hopefully she can find one.
One essential
component was testing
that would determine the optimal
diet for my metabolic type.
>> There is about 85 autoimmune
diseases now that have been
recognized, and they really
have but one very simple type
of thing.
It's related very significantly
to gastrointestinal health.
And we know that starts
literally conception,
during pregnancy,
what the people eat
during those first years
that basically formed
their microbiome or
which is our microflora
within our
gastrointestinal tract.
So we often think of
an autoimmune process
is something that's gone awry.
It's really not, the immune
system is totally normal.
It's the-- it's
these triggers that
basically feed into it that
keep triggering inflammation.
And we now know
that inflammation
is the number one underlying
issue for all disease.
>> So the concept is when your
immune system is activated,
it's activated to protect you.
Rarely is it an immune
system that's gone haywire
and doesn't have any controls .
So the question is, what is
it trying to protect you from?
And of course it's very
common that some of the foods
we eat, if they
don't make us sick,
if we don't feel stomach pain
or abdominal pains or gas
or bloating when
we eat something,
we think the food's OK for us.
But in the example of
celiac disease for example,
for every one person
that has gut symptoms,
there are eight that don't.
They have brain symptoms
or they have joint symptoms
or they have muscle symptoms.
They don't have gut symptoms.
And then there are
numerous studies
that no human gets away with
eating wheat without having
problems in their gut.
Every human gets
intestinal permeability,
the slang term is leaky gut.
You have a sandwich for lunch,
you tear the lining of the gut.
But it heals.
You have pasta for dinner, you
tear the lining of the gut.
But it heals.
One day, you don't heal anymore.
Now you tear the
lining of the gut,
now you get what's called
pathogenic intestinal
permeability or the leaky gut.
Now these molecules get
into the bloodstream that
aren't supposed to get
into the bloodstream,
big molecules called
macromolecules.
They get into the
bloodstream, and now you
create systemic inflammation.
>> While I was improving, I
was encountering others who had
been challenged by
autoimmune disease.
>> I was a fencing instructor
and a competitive helicopter
pilot., and so I was attached to
a lot of physical macho things.
Then I find that my
students are beating me
and one day I can't
get out of bed.
So I went to the VA hospital.
I was there for 10
days, got diagnosed
at the ninth day with chronic
inflammatory demyelinating
polyneuropathy.
And so this is an affliction
where the myelin sheath
on the nerves no longer works.
Much like insulation
on copper wiring,
the nerves no longer conduct
the electrical impulse
to my muscles.
So we tried steroids and I
just put on weight like crazy
and was sick all the time.
Then I went through just this
huge spectrum of medications.
Just buckets full of medicines
that didn't take or had
a terrible result. I was
a journalist in college
and I love writing, so I
said, well, I can type.
Well the last three
weeks, I can't type.
I'm down to typing
with my index fingers.
And changing your
diet, you know,
everything we did as far
as changing your diet
didn't really ever
help any symptoms?
>> No, it just aggravated me.
>> 42 carbs.
42 grams of sugar, right?
>> Rick struggled
with the diet changes.
But he began a variety
of aggressive alternative
modalities including
chelation therapy
to treat heavy metal toxicity.
But so far, nothing was working.
All my joints had
healed significantly.
The one knee continued
to slow me down.
My friends were
offering me their advice
on healing the joint.
>> I'm kind of thinking a large
pepperoni pizza and a six pack
of Budweiser.
Would that cure you for a while?
What if I try it for you?
>> Isn't that your diet already?
>> Close.
You miss that?
You miss going out with your
friends, have some beers,
have some junk food,
a double cheeseburger?
>> Sure.
I miss the freedom of being able
to exist in society without all
the limits and rules.
You reach a different
level too where you don't
crave those things that often.
So you miss it once in a while.
But I might know too much
now to actually enjoy living
the way that most people live.
It's not all about
just diet and finding
the exact series of
herbs and supplements
or the alternative protocol
that's going to help me.
That's all 50% of it.
I think 50% of it's mental.
You've got to be
determined and driven
and believe that you
deserve to live healthy
that we deserve to be healthy.
We don't deserve
to be miserable.
[RUSTLING]
>> Well, I love how
optimistic I was.
Because after my initial dive
into alternative medicine
and detoxification and
the antibiotic protocol,
I did incredibly well
for about a year.
And then the pain
returned to my knees.
All my other joints were
healed, which was incredible
and made a huge
difference and it
let me know that I had
really achieved something.
But for the next six years,
I had two steps forward
and two steps back
despite exploring
whatever alternative
medicine I could
and whatever I could afford.
I decided to start a
support group reach out
and connect with other people
so we could share war stories
and share insights.
But despite a pretty good sized
group that I gathered together,
there was really
only one person that
was interested in seeking the
underlying cause of her pain.
And her determination
just re-inspired my own.
>> Before I got sick
I was pretty active.
We lived on a boat,
sailed around the Bahamas
for a little over a year,
and traveled extensively.
That's what we
both did for work.
I'm a writer and my
husband is a painter
and his paintings are
based on his travels.
One morning I woke up--
I had been clutching
the pillow in my sleep,
and I woke up just
gasping in pain.
And I remember I had
to pry my fingers open
just to get them to move.
And then a foot started hurting.
Immediately, I scheduled
to see a rheumatologist,
and it turned out that
I tested positive.
My rheumatoid
factor was positive.
He said to me, you
have RA, and you're
going to need to go
on methotrexate now
or you're going to end up in
a wheelchair in six months.
In every appointment
Grant would say,
is it possible
that something else
could be wrong with my wife?
And they would say-- cross
their arms get annoyed at him
and say like what?
And he would say,
well, I don't know.
It doesn't really seem
to fit the picture.
All of her blood tests come back
negative except for one test,
rheumatoid factor.
I would say, I have muscle
pain, I don't have joint pain.
And they would say, well, you
have rheumatoid arthritis.
So you just settle down.
You just settle down and take--
and have your
methotrexate injection
and we'll see you in four weeks.
>> After several opinions, one
rheumatologist offered another
theory.
>> He said, well, I
think you have arthritis,
but I think you might
have Lyme disease.
Why would you think
I have Lyme disease?
He said, I just think
that when a person has--
has rheumatoid
arthritis or arthritis,
there's something
that's driving that.
>> Lyme is an infection
transmitted by a tick bite
through a spirochete bacteria
called Borrelia burgdorferi.
If not caught
within a few weeks,
it can infiltrate
deep into the body,
causing a chronic disease.
Though there is controversy over
this version of the diagnosis.
Members of the Infectious
Disease Society of America
do not believe in chronic Lyme.
Critics accuse them of
having conflicts of interest
as well as trying to
revoke medical licenses
of some doctors who
practice ongoing treatment
with their patients.
Members of the international
Lyme and associated Diseases
Society believe the
illness is an epidemic
and must be treated
aggressively.
Each year, approximately
30,000 cases of Lyme disease
are reported to the CDC.
But they also state
that recent estimates
suggest that approximately
300,000 people may
get Lyme disease each
year in the United States.
This is twice the
number of those
diagnosed with breast cancer.
Though doesn't include
any of the millions
of autoimmune diseases such as
chronic fatigue, fibromyalgia,
and rheumatoid
arthritis, which can all
mimic the symptoms of Lyme.
>> He ran some tests and it
turned out I tested positive.
That's when the
big fights began.
The fights with multiple
doctors telling me I
could not possibly
have Lyme disease.
It was so confusing.
It's like some kind of
weird political mess
with Lyme disease.
There's all this kind of
denying that people have it.
And the insurance
companies going crazy.
They don't want to pay for
things if a doctor writes
Lyme disease on a--
Why?
It's a real disease.
>> One of the great challenges
of it is that it's considered
it lives inside the cell.
It's very difficult
for the immune system
to be able to attack it.
And so it becomes a chronic
low level infection.
And then you get the very,
very wide variety of symptoms.
And unfortunately, because
there's no really good test
to really say whether
you have Lyme disease,
we use indicators, it's really
more about the patient's
history and the fact
that you've ruled out
most of the other
types of things that
would cause their
symptoms, we have
come to this diagnosis
of Lyme disease.
So it is in sort of
epidemic proportion
at this point in time.
>> The problem with conventional
medicine is if you don't have
the acute infection, we're not--
we can't get the diagnosis.
So you might have
had an infection
just like you
might have had mono
or you might have had
some other infection,
but that active
phase has long gone.
And so your ability to
diagnose that or your ability
to look at the immune system
and really see that fight
is over with.
And that lends to the problem of
having the chronic infection is
that if your body could
have fought it off,
you wouldn't be
having the discussion.
If you don't resolve
the infection
or if there is other competing
factors of your immune system
to not allow you to
resolve the infection,
you carry that infection
for a long period of time.
So that leads people all over
the place because at that time
you have multisystem
failure, you can't sleep,
you can't think,
your joints hurt,
you have digestive problems.
And there's not that many
parts in the body that
can take a global, we'll
say, insult like that
and not be affected.
>> Layne was also exploring
natural healing options,
one of which was a clinic that
focuses on juicing and using
food to detoxify
and heal the body.
They said, we don't care.
It doesn't matter if you
have rheumatoid arthritis
or you have Lyme disease or
you have Lyme driven arthritis.
We're going to give you juice
and you're going to be better.
I'm feeling anxious
definitely and hopeful.
I've already made
so many changes
in my life to create help and
healing here in the apartment.
I've got an air purifier.
I've changed everything
in my bathroom.
I can't believe my bathroom
was such a toxic wasteland
of synthetic chemicals
and toxic chemicals,
and I'm excited
about the possibility
of healing my body completely
pharmaceutical free.
Obviously, the
pharmaceuticals didn't work,
so it'll be great to
try something different.
>> The juicing clinic was
more than just juicing.
>> I'm feeling
really overwhelmed.
>> What we-- we're going
to have some food for you.
Yeah, you're going to feel a lot
better when you have some food.
What have we got here?
We got some-- here it is.
Here we got it.
>> Oh my God.
>> That's the oatmeal.
It actually, looks
pretty good, doesn't it?
>> Oh, come on.
>> I can't.
>> Can't do what?
>> Juice, juice, the
juice all day long.
13 glasses of fresh
pressed juice a day.
>> You went into the hospital
in a wheelchair and you actually
came out two weeks later.
>> Not at all in a wheelchair.
I came out two
weeks later having
walked a quarter of a mile
to the beach and back.
On the very last night, I
walked up and down the stairs
backwards to the cheering of
everyone in the dining room.
You know, it was
incredible the progress
that I had had that everyone
had seen me have in just two
short weeks that I
was so much better.
But like many other
wonderful healing protocols,
there was a plateau.
The pain returned after three
months, and little by little,
I ended up back
in the wheelchair.
And when I got to the one
year mark, I said listen,
this can't possibly be right?
I can't possibly be
in this much pain.
I'm taking so many
supplements all day long.
There was so much juice it was
almost impossible to sustain.
At that point, I hadn't
been in a restaurant.
I hadn't eaten anything out
of my house in one year.
That's going to be
fine for me if that's
going to be a trade off that
I'm going to get better.
But I wasn't getting better,
I was still really sick.
>> Mario, an actor and acting
instructor from New York was
diagnosed with Lyme
disease in 2011.
>> Throughout my whole life,
there's always been this weird
struggle with fatigue.
But that was my norm.
So I didn't really notice it.
But then once I went to
college and the stress
started getting to me, the
fatigue started exacerbating.
And people were kind of
putting that to depression,
saying I was depressed,
which I wasn't.
I was getting depressed
because I was really tired.
So we tried a whole slew of
medicines, nothing worked.
No one would give me answers.
So finally, I went
to one doctor.
She called me and was
like, I'm so sorry,
but you came back
positive for Lyme disease.
Well I was like, what
are you sorry about?
This is great.
I'm going to take antibiotics
and I'm going to get better,
you know?
>> Right.
>> I had no idea
what I was in for.
I was sitting in the room today
and I was surrounded by, again,
around a lot of very ill
people, both old and young.
And it hit me for the
first time then and there
that I have a disease.
Everyone was in the
position that they
were in because they
were misdiagnosed,
they were inadequately tested.
And as a result, they're
suffering immensely.
Things have not been good.
I've been losing more
weight, losing more color.
Every time I hear
of someone else
that has passed away through
suicide, it breaks my heart.
We need the research,
we need the treatment,
we need this country to admit
that it exists because it's
happening all over the place.
By that time I was taking
an amount of Bactrim
that no human being
should be taking
and I on that for
a really long time.
And my body just was decaying.
I was literally
turning into nothing.
So that's when I
started learning more
about natural approaches
and biological medicine.
So you know, we all
started to collaborate
to find a way to get me to
pay for my bills in New York
and then get me to Switzerland.
>> As expected,
Layne kept searching,
and she too discovered the
renowned peristalsis clinic
in Switzerland.
>> I'm hopeful about what's
going to happen in Switzerland.
However, about a
year ago I stopped
looking for a cure
which is something
that I thought would
be instantaneous,
and started seeing it as a
healing, like a marathon.
>> OK.
Little prick.
Here we go.
Ok.
[LAUGHING]
>> Those are the
red blood cells?
>> Yes.
>> Can you see that?
>> Yeah.
>> This is something that
we would interpret as either
spirochete or parasite.
And we can assume that
this is not the only one.
>> Of course.
>> It was intense
and it was difficult.
Every single day I had an IV.
Most days I had two,
some days I had three.
That's three different lines
in three different veins
on a single day.
Oh, wow.
Oh, that's it.
That's it.
>> That's good.
Goodbye spirochetes.
There were days that
I had 20 injections.
They do a thing called neural
therapy using homeopathics.
There were days I
had them in my liver,
there were days I had them
in my stomach meridian.
I had injections every
day into my thyroid
to stimulate and jumpstart
the thyroid to start working
on its own as it should.
I had whole body
hyperthermia, which
is where they put me into
a small reflective box
and turned on these
incredibly hot heat lamps
to induce 103 degree fever.
>> How are you feeling?
>> Horrible.
>> Yeah?
>> It's horrible, I need water.
>> Yeah.
She's bringing some.
>> They're not looking at,
OK, well you have Lyme,
let's just try to kill
it with antibiotics.
They're saying, why
can't this patient--
why is it-- what
happened in this body
that it's not able
to fight Lyme.
What's going on?
What's blocking?
What's in the way?
What's the toxic load?
At the end of my
time in peristalsis,
I'm really starting
to feel great.
I'm very ready to be done.
I didn't think I would
be ready but I'm ready.
I'm ready and I
really feel strong.
And then as it always does, the
pain begins to creep back in.
And I'm here at home
now at post peristalsis
following their protocol.
I do an IV every other day.
Every one of these
drawers is filled
with different
homeopathic bottles
with little ampules of different
preparations, things for detox.
There are 26 of them that
get mixed up into each IV.
Grant just put a line into
my vein, right into my arm.
>> And I did not
breathe the whole time.
And I tell you,
that was pretty--
that was pretty scary.
But we did it.
>> My knees continued to
be my only affected joints.
So in addition to a strict diet
and arsenal of supplements,
I tried to replicate my early
success with antibiotic therapy
by adding IV antibiotics.
I did a daily infusion one
week a month for a year.
>> Part of the problem is
that you get what's called
a Herxheimer reaction, which
can be very, very painful.
Because that's the organisms
die off in your joints,
they produce hydrogen peroxide.
>> Herxheimer is brutal.
It just feels like there's a
war going on inside your body.
Many healers will tell you that
this is just a healing crisis
and that you have
to get through it,
and you'll feel better
on the other side.
But some of them
are just unbearable,
and they go on for
weeks, if not months.
Thanks to the generosity
of friends and family,
Mario was also headed
to Switzerland.
>> The next thing I knew,
my parents were taking me
in a wheelchair to the airport.
And I was so sick.
And I remember
telling my mother,
I don't care what happens.
Get me on the plane.
Just get me on the plane.
It was the first time in my life
since all this stuff happened
that I started to
get hope because I
started to get answers and I
started to get taken care of.
That to me was the
beginning of healing.
I remember Dr. Rao got
my gut ecology test back.
And he was like, I don't
know how you're standing.
He's like, you have such little
bacteria in your GI system
from the amount of
antibiotics you're using.
>> So you got all the--
a lot of new information.
>> Yeah.
>> How did you feel
when you were done?
>> Physically, I did not
feel much, much better.
I did feel a difference,
but I felt a renewed hope.
But what you're not
told is the ordeal
that you have to deal with
to get outside medicines
into the country.
But you're also dealing
with now information
that you've gotten
from another country
that you then have to convince
your medical team here
that this is the
truth that was found.
So all that optimism
and all that hope
started kind of turning
into difficulty.
>> If like Lyme disease,
infection is also one
of the major triggers
for autoimmune disease,
what is preventing us from
just fighting it off the way
our body is designed to?
>> Nowadays, if we were to look
back and we say how much more
stress is on the body now
than it was even 50 years ago.
You know, how much
have we changed
food, how much is
electromagnetic radiation come
in, how many more
hours do people work,
how many less hours
do people sleep.
I mean we have all
these things, and I
don't know that it's such
a head scratcher that we're
sitting here and
saying, wow, we really
haven't adapted to this
environment as well.
Now the people that
take care of themselves
have the best chance to
remain as healthy as they can.
But this is not something that
we can be passive with anymore.
You know, people need to
be active with their health
because we know what's
coming around the corner.
Sooner or later, you're
going to break down.
>> The Environmental Working
Group published a study that
showed over 200 chemicals
and some studies now say 250
chemicals in the umbilical cord
blood of babies at birth that
aren't supposed
to be in the body.
And many of them
are neurotoxins.
It's accumulative
the amount of damage
we're getting from EMF, from
the toxicity in GMO foods,
from the preservatives in foods,
from the food sensitivities
that we might have, from the
phthalates in nail polish
that you put on.
When you're exposed
to toxic chemicals
and they get in your
bloodstream, some
of these chemicals whether
they are heavy metals,
or they're the phthalates, the
plasticizers or the parabens,
these chemicals can
stick to your tissue.
They can stick to
proteins in your tissue.
Now you've formed
a new molecule,
it's called a neoepitope.
And you make an antibody
that attacks that neoepitope.
When you attack
that neoepitope, you
destroy that molecule
of the chemical,
but you also destroy the
tissue that it's bound to.
>> I mean, that should be
incentive for us all to clean
up as much of our
body burden as we can.
There is a movement against
the toxic food and chemicals
that have made their
way into our lives.
And once people are
informed, they have a choice.
And very quickly, things
like organic and free range
and non-GMO and
gluten free become
new expectations as
society has on the food
that we have access to.
And that has a direct
economic impact,
and companies have
to respond to that.
So we the people have to
just have higher expectations
about what we allow into the
marketplace and what we buy.
Because if there's
no money in it,
they're not going to produce it.
Through a roller coaster
of progress and setbacks,
Layne had spent a year dedicated
to her regimen of homeopathics
and IV therapies, though was
still spending a lot of time
in a wheelchair smiling
through the pain.
Fortunately, she had found
a biological medicine
clinic similar to Switzerland
now in the United States.
>> Biological medicine looks
at really how the body works.
It looks at the physiology
and the biochemistry
of what's going on internally.
And so when we practice in our
clinic biological medicine,
what we're mostly looking
for is not you have pain,
you have a name of disease.
Because we really
don't treat diseases.
Biological medicine is
not about the disease,
it's about the individual.
In this clinic, what
we find generally
any patient with
a chronic illness
will say has almost always got a
minimum of five different organ
systems that are out of balance.
It could be their
digestive system,
it could be their
endocrine system,
is nearly always the
lymphatic system.
>> When we have organs and
every organ is going to go under
a certain amount of work
at certain periods of time,
whether that's stress or
whether that's poor nutrition,
or whether that's toxicity
from the environment.
But those organs are
still going to do the job.
And sometimes we're just not
capable to do all those jobs
at once.
And so the doctor's job
in biological medicine
is to assess which
part of that--
will say which part
of that program
isn't being correctly
executed by the patient
and then to use the therapies
to help the patient do that.
>> I guess I've been having
to do some soul searching
and if this doesn't
work, whatever this is,
that this new wizard is going
to do, if this doesn't work,
I don't really know what else
I'm supposed to do after that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]